Add nested JWT inside JWE example (#181)
hummingbird-project/hummingbird-examples: auth-jwe/README.md

# Encrypted Auth Tokens (nested JWE)

Demonstrates *confidential* auth tokens using [JWSETKit](https://github.com/amosavian/JWSETKit): a signed JWT nested inside a JWE (RFC 7516, RFC 7519 §11.2) — the pattern OpenID Connect uses for encrypted ID tokens.

A plain signed JWT (JWS) is only *base64url-encoded*: anyone holding the token can read every claim:

```sh
echo 'eyJzdWIiOiJhbGljZSIsInJvbGUiOiJhZG1pbiJ9' | base64 -d
# {"sub":"alice","role":"admin"}
```

Here the server instead:

1. signs the claims (ES256) — proving it issued them, then
2. encrypts the signed JWT into a JWE (`cty: "JWT"`, ECDH-ES+A256KW, A256GCM) — so private claims (`email`, `role`) are hidden from the client and everyone else.

The middleware decrypts the bearer token, verifies the inner JWT (signature, expiry, audience), and only then accepts the identity.

## Usage

Start the server, then:

```sh
# login (basic auth) to get an encrypted token

> TOKEN=$(curl -s -X POST -u alice:alice-password localhost:8080/user/login | sed 's/.*"token":"\([^"]*\)".*/\1/')

Reviewer: Can we make it clear the example has no way to sign up users and the only user available is Alice

Author: Signup is possible now, follows `auth-jwt` example

# the token has 5 segments (JWE) and decodes to ciphertext, not claims
echo $TOKEN | cut -d. -f3 | base64 -d 2>/dev/null | head -c 40

# the server decrypts it and returns the private claims
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" localhost:8080/auth
```

> The last call returns `{"username":"alice","email":"alice@example.com","role":"admin"}`. Tokens that are expired, signed by an unknown key, encrypted to a different key, or plain (unencrypted) JWS are rejected with `401`.

Reviewer: Can we make it clear in the README and a relevant place in the code that keys from one run of the server will not work in the next.

Author: I have added user and key persistency to follow `auth-jwt` behavior.

# {"sub":"alice","role":"admin"}
```

Here the server instead:

1. signs the claims (ES256) — proving it issued them, then
2. encrypts the signed JWT into a JWE (`cty: "JWT"`, ECDH-ES+A256KW, A256GCM) — so private claims (`email`, `role`) are hidden from the client and everyone else.

The middleware decrypts the bearer token, verifies the inner JWT (signature, expiry, audience), and only then accepts the identity.

## Usage

- Users are created with `PUT /user`. The JSON body includes `name` and `password`, plus `email` and `role` — the private claims that end up encrypted inside the token.
- `POST /user/login` uses basic authentication and returns a JSON body with the token in a `token` field.
- `GET /auth` decrypts the token and returns the private claims.

```sh
# create a user
curl -X PUT localhost:8080/user -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{"name":"alice","password":"alice-password","email":"alice@example.com","role":"admin"}'

# login (basic auth) to get an encrypted token
TOKEN=$(curl -s -X POST -u alice:alice-password localhost:8080/user/login | sed 's/.*"token":"\([^"]*\)".*/\1/')

# the token has 5 segments (JWE) and decodes to ciphertext, not claims

> echo $TOKEN | cut -d. -f3 | base64 -d 2>/dev/null | head -c 40

Reviewer: What is this line meant to demonstrate? I get a binary blob output

# the server decrypts it and returns the private claims
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" localhost:8080/auth
```

The last call returns `{"username":"alice","email":"alice@example.com","role":"admin"}`. Tokens that are expired, signed by an unknown key, encrypted to a different key, or plain (unencrypted) JWS are rejected with `401`.

> By default the app uses an in-memory database, so users are cleared on restart. Set `db.inMemory=false` (and `db.migrate=true` on first run) to persist to `db.sqlite`. The signing and encryption keys are fixed demo keys, so tokens stay valid across restarts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the app uses an in-memory database, so users are cleared on restart. Run with `--db-in-memory=false` (and `--db-migrate` on first run) command line options to persist to `db.sqlite`. The signing and encryption keys are fixed demo keys, so tokens stay valid across restarts.
```
